fix: add validation to mount-path (#2391)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/violet-jobs-doubt.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed an issue with validation the `mount-path` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the `mount-path` option was not validated, leading to errors when used with an empty path or a path identical to the project path.
```
